k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:260]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:265]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:291]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:21]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:229]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:233]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:103]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:129]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:130]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:201]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
kv-Vozac je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Licno vozilo[ID:2]-Broj putnika:2-Putnici:[Putnik[ID:3]-Vozac:true-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true, Putnik[ID:4]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true]
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:91]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:98]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:146]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:152]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:153]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:161]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
k-Putnik je imao nedozvoljene stvari u koferu.
Putnik[ID:173]-Vozac:false-Nesipravni dokumenti:false-Nedopustene stvari:true
